LTR documentation (#8336)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/ltr/faq.md

---
layout: default
title: FAQs
nav_order: 1000
parent: Learning to Rank
has_children: false
---

# FAQs

> The following frequently asked questions (FAQS) are common issues you may encounter.

Reviewer: Revised: `To make the most of Learning to Rank (LTR), consider these helpful insights.`

## Negative scores

Lucene does not allow for negative query scores. This can be problematic if your raw features include negative values. To address this, confirm your features are non-negative _before_ training your model. You can achieve this by creating normalized fields with values shifted by the minimum value or by passing the scores through a function that produces a value greater than or equal to `0`.

## Bugs

If you encounter a bug while working with the plugin, you can open an issue on the [open issues Github page](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-learning-to-rank-base/issues). The project team regularly investigates and resolves issue. If you are seeking general support, the issue may be closed and you may be directed to the relevant support channels.

## Struggling with a problem

> If you need further assistance, join the [Relevance Slack Community](https://opensourceconnections.com/slack) and participate in the #opensearch-learn-to-rank channel to receive guidance and support from the community..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need further assistance, join the [Relevance Slack Community](https://opensourceconnections.com/slack) and participate in the #opensearch-learn-to-rank channel to receive guidance and support from the community.
```

---
layout: default
title: FAQs
nav_order: 1000
parent: Learning to Rank
has_children: false
---

# FAQs

The following frequently asked questions (FAQS) are common issues you may encounter.

## Negative scores

> Lucene does not allow for negative query scores. This can be problematic if your raw features include negative values. To address this, you will need to ensure your features are non-negative **before** training your model. You can achieve this by creating normalized fields with values shifted by the minimum value or by passing the scores through a function that produces a value greater than or equal to `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lucene does not allow for negative query scores. This can be problematic if your raw features include negative values. To address this, confirm your features are non-negative _before_ training your model. You can achieve this by creating normalized fields with values shifted by the minimum value or by passing the scores through a function that produces a value greater than or equal to `0`.
```

## Bugs

> If you've encountered a bug while working with the plugin, you can open an issue on the [open issues Github page](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-learning-to-rank-base/issues). The project team will do its best to investigate and resolve the issue. However, if you are seeking general support, the issue may be closed and you may be directed to the relevant support channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a bug while working with the plugin, you can open an issue on the [open issues Github page](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-learning-to-rank-base/issues). The project team regularly investigates and resolves issue. If you are seeking general support, the issue may be closed and you may be directed to the relevant support channels.
```

## Struggling with a problem

> If you are still struggling with a problem, you can join the [Relevance Slack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need further assistance, join the [Relevance Slack Community](https://opensourceconnections.com/slack) and participate in the #opensearch-learn-to-rank channel to receive guidance and support from the community..
```

> Community](https://opensourceconnections.com/slack) and participate in the #opensearch-learn-to-rank channel, where you can receive additional guidance and support from the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
